Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/deployment/deployment-types/serverless/ci-cd-in-serverless.md

---

> description: Implement CI/CD for serverless deployments using Dagster+ with GitHub,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Implement CI/CD for your Dagster+ Serverless deployment with GitHub, GitLab, or another Git provider.
```
